#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= Introduction =

Add your content here.


= Features =

    * Fast
    * Easy development structure
    * No Hacking in CodeIgniter
    * Admin and front end separated
    * Unlimited items
    * Unlimited categories
    * Admin interface to manage your shop
    * Integrable with any payment module with fail fall back
    * Grid view
    * User account generation
    * Deliver and Invoice address
    * Twitter messaging
    * Multiple images per item
    * Item relations 

= Installation =
  I figure you have experience with codeigniter which is a great php framework. I use terminology which is normal to any CI user but will be unclear to others.

The solution actually contains two CodeIgniter applications.
#Import the sql file to the database. 
#Configure the settings in:
#*application/config 
#*admin/application/config

That is it! It should work now.

Things to know are:
*I am currently setting up a system to support multiple languages but this first version released still does not support it so there will be lot's of dutch.
*I'm also very busy with my job so if things don't go fast enough please mail your improvements to me.
*It is based upon an older version of codeigniter. However it should still work on newer version. Just replace the system directory.
*It was made for a specific purpose so it might not be to your wishes. Please suggest improvements and bug fixes to me but don't expect miracles.
*Not all things were thought out very well. If you find any stupid things please contact me on how to improve this.
